README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋 Welcome to my public profile in Github in which I will share with you data science techniques applied to real world problems.

Nice to meet you!

**Data Specialist** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `GetToKnowMyPassion.md'

- 🔭 I’m currently working on new data projects.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Cybersecurity 💻
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on new companies and help them develop business solutions.
- 😄 Pronouns: Charly or Charles 😏

At your service! I will post more projects on DS, please feel free to share and comment! 


<!--
**Data Specialist** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `GetToKnowMe.md'

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on new data project for music industry 🎤🎧
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Cybersecurity 💻
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on new companies and help them develop business solutions 
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: by mail tcarlos87@gmail.com or WA 5538876975
- 😄 Pronouns: Charly or Charles 😏
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect new roles and learning
Updated profile description and added specialization in Cybersecurity.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋 Welcome to my public profile in Github in which I will share with you data science techniques applied to real world problems.

Nice to meet you!

**Data Specialist and Developer** 

- 🔭 I’m currently working on new data projects and building cloud applications.
- 🌱 I made a specialization on Cybersecurity 💻
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on new companies and help them develop business solutions.
- 😄 Pronouns: Charly or Charles 😏

At your service! I will post more projects on DS, please feel free to share and comment! 


<!--
**Data Specialist** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `GetToKnowMe.md'

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on new data project for music industry 🎤🎧
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Cybersecurity 💻
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on new companies and help them develop business solutions 
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: by mail tcarlos87@gmail.com or WA 5538876975
- 😄 Pronouns: Charly or Charles 😏
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
